Add statement of support (#317)
snowplow/documentation: src/pages/statement-of-support.md

# Statement of Support

This Statement of Support defines the scope of support provided for Snowplow BDP Cloud, BDP Enterprise and all other Snowplow products and services. Our friendly team is available 24x7 to provide product expertise, technical advice, and assistance throughout your journey with Snowplow.

The level of support and products that we support for you are described in your contract. This document augments your contract and our Product Description by offering general guidance on the scope of services provided by Snowplow to our customers. In simplest terms, the scope of support is what we support and what we don’t support at this time. Any support we provide you beyond this scope is discretionary and on a best-effort basis.

Snowplow Support is here to ensure you gain full value from Snowplow’s products and services. We work with you both in the run-up to go-live and in production, providing a broad range of support. This includes use-case and setup questions, handling product issues and enhancement requests, and resolving implementation-specific problems.

## All Products

> The following services are provided for all BDP Cloud and BDP Enterprise customers. The support described here is not currently available to Open Source users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following services are provided for all BDP Cloud and BDP Enterprise customers.

:::note

The support described here is not currently available to Open Source users.

:::
```

### Deferred Upgrades

Customers on our *Summit* plan, for major updates, can request a deferred upgrade within a four week window. Our team will liaise with you to schedule the upgrade at a time convenient to you.

### Infrastructure Reviews

As part of our Infrastructure Review service, our team review your current infrastructure and make recommendations in the following areas:

- History of recent infrastructure management activities (such as upgrades)
- Security
- Functional changes to better enable the pipeline
- Performance
- Reliability
- Efficiency and cost management

## Version Support

Unless otherwise stated in your contract, we provide official support for the currently recommended stack and two preceding stacks as defined in our [product description](https://snowplow.io/snowplow-bdp-product-description/). The currently recommended versions of components can be found on our [public technical documentation](https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/version-compatibility-matrix/latest-version-compatibility-matrix/).

### Try Snowplow & Open Source

> If you’re seeking assistance with your Try Snowplow or Open Source pipelines, our team currently do not provide direct support for these products. We encourage you to make use of these resources :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re seeking assistance with your Try Snowplow or Open Source pipelines, we currently do not provide direct customer support for these products. We encourage you to make use of these resources:
```
